In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
Coming to you live from the Grand Palais
museum, I'm Nadia Chamack.
Gabriel Agreste's
fashion show was delayed
after the Queen of Fashion,
Audrey Bourgeois, was akumatized!
But everything is back on schedule,
after Ladybug heroically stepped in
to save the day, as usual!
The fashion show can finally begin!
I don't want to break our promise, but
I can't keep putting our son in danger.
Style Queen was supposed to be
my masterpiece, but even she failed.
I feel like I've done
all I possibly could, you know?
I'll never be able to fulfil my wish
without Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Forgive me, Emilie.
I'm giving you up, Nooroo.
Scoop! The hat Adrien Agreste is wearing
was made by my BFF Marinette!
Anything you'd like to say
during my livestream?
What?
-I don't believe this.
-Huh?
Scoop number two.
Gabriel Agreste has just turned up!
And that means we'll be seeing your hat
in every single photo and news broadcast!
This was his first public appearance
since his wife disappeared.
This Fashion Week
is full of surprises and shockers!
My dear Audrey, I heard about the
unforgivable misfortune you had to endure.
I'm still quite overwhelmed!
I want you to know I fired the person
responsible for the misunderstanding.
Only one row in the house is befitting
to Audrey Bourgeois and that's the first.
Let's not overdo it, huh, Gabriel?
-Did you enjoy the show?
-So-so.
This hat is not a Gabriel Agreste!
Are you responsible for that?
[whispering] Stand proud.
I... I'm the one who created it.
Marinette won
a fashion-design competition.
It's the most...
exceptional thing I've ever seen!
You're a visionary, Marinette!
Glitter's had its day.
Feathers are the trend of tomorrow!
I haven't felt
this much emotion since... you.
She does have talent.
-You want to be a fashion designer, right?
-Uh... yes, ma'am.
Then come to New York with me.
I'll make you the biggest name in fashion.
-I'm sure you'll even upstage Gabriel!
-I'll be able to model for you!
We'll be there for you
no matter what you decide.
My helicopter will be leaving
for the airport at 8pm tonight.
Isn't this awesome for Marinette, Chloé?
It's... It's ridiculous!
Utterly ridiculous!
I've never been to New York with you
and you're taking Marinette?
I'm taking her because
she's exceptional, Claudette... Chloé.
I'm exceptional too!
The only exceptional thing about you,
my dear, is your mother!
Audrey dear! Chloé!
I'll show you how exceptional I can be!
-No!
-Chloé!
Huh?
-How may I please you, my queen?
-What is that thing?
Chloé, what are you doing?
Pollen, buzz on!
I am Chloé Bourgeois, and from now on,
I'll be your new superhero, Queen Bee!
We'll soon see if you think Dupain-Cheng
is still more exceptional than moi!
Spinning top!
What is happening to our beloved daughter?
She always was such a show-off!
See you tonight, Marinette.
I'll meet you at my helicopter.
Un-bee-lievable! Paris got a new
self-proclaimed super-hero
whose not-so-secret identity
is Chloé Bourgeois,
daughter of Audrey Bourgeois!
How could Marinette have given
the Miraculous to that Chloé girl?
There is no way
she would have given it to her.
But I know whatever transpired,
she will set things right.
We'd better be going home, Adrien.
Thank you all for coming.
It's probably not a good idea
to stick around
with Chloé thinking she's the bee's knees.
I'm sure Ladybug and Cat Noir
will fix everything.
Let's go back home.
I hope Chloé doesn't do anything foolish.
I'm sure Ladybug and Cat Noir
will deal with her.
Hmm. Hmm!
There's nothing exciting going on
in this city, no one to save! Argh!
Huh!
Hmm. If you want it done right,
you have to do it yourself!
[phone rings]
Nadia Chamack?
Chloé Bourgeois here. I mean, Queen Bee!
Come ASAP. I'm about to rescue
the passengers of a metro in peril!
You have got to film this!
We'll open a bakery in New York
and introduce our pastries
to the Americans!
Are you sure, Tom?
You've always been afraid of flying!
I'd fly to the moon and open a bakery
for my daughter if I had to!
What should I do, Tikki?
It's my dream come true.
I can go to New York
and become a real fashion designer!
-Who will protect Paris if you leave?
-Cat Noir... Rena Rouge...
Only Ladybug can capture akumas.
I wouldn't be able
to come to New York with you!
Nothing will come between
my daughter and her dreams.
What was that?
Venom!
Aaah!
[screaming]
Passengers, have no fear!
Watch Queen Bee in action!
You can thank me later!
-A new superhero?
-Who is it?
Is she gonna save us or not?
She's not going to pull it off!
-Master?
-I still have one chance, Nooroo.
All is not lost.
I have a unique opportunity to akumatize
someone with a Miraculous.
A superhero turned supervillain
can only be... exceptional!
Nooroo, dark wings rise!
I hope we're not too late!
Plagg, claws out!
Uh... Uh...
Stay here, I'm gonna help your dad.
-Tom, make it stop!
-I'm doing my best!
It's time we brought Chloé down to earth!
Tikki, spots on!
Yeah!
Cat Noir! What are you doing here?
Waiting for the next train.
Come on!
-Need a helping paw?
-Stop staring!
-Can't you see you're distracting me?
-This is not a playground.
Cat Noir, I'll slow it down as much
as I can. You stop it!
Aaah!
Thanks for your cooperation.
Please keep on being pawesome
-and evacuate the station calmly!
-Ladybug! Thank you!
You're welcome, Ma... Madam... and sir!
I'll take care of the driver.
You're welcome!
It was nothing. I was merely--
-Queen Bee! This was your doing!
-Oh, Ladybug, you're too kind.
This was teamwork!
Oh! How amazing is this?
We're a team now!
You're the one who paralysed
the driver, aren't you?
You created this situation
just to make yourself look good!
-Who cares? We saved them, didn't we?
-Completely irresponsible!
Queen Bee, or rather, Chloé Bourgeois,
we're on the air with your mother,
Audrey Bourgeois.
Audrey, do you have anything to say,
live on TV?
What? Regarding my daughter's ineptitude?
I think it speaks for itself, doesn't it?
Chloé, give me back your Miraculous.
Finders keepers, losers weepers!
Did you lose a Miraculous?
Listen, you lost a Miraculous once, too!
May I remind you I was busy
taking care of Style Queen all by myself!
Queen Bee! Chloé! Wait!
Chloé!
She must have transformed back by now.
She's probably gone home. I'll pay her
a visit and get the Miraculous back.
I'll come with you!
It was bound to happen. Superpowers aren't
child's play, my dear Chloé Bourgeois.
Fly away, my little akuma,
and evilise this fallen hero!
Queen Wasp, I am Hawk Moth.
Ladybug and Cat Noir
don't want you as their friend,
so you will be their most powerful enemy.
Nobody has managed it yet, but you will
defeat them, because you are exceptional!
In return,
you must seize their Miraculous.
You can count on me, Hawk Moth.
I'll teach them to respect me.
-Chloé!
-Queen Bee?
Looks like she's not here! Let's go!
-What's that? An insect bite?
-That's impossible!
She can only use her special power once,
like my lucky charm.
She should have transformed back.
Cat Noir, watch out!
Your reign is over, Ladybug and Cat Noir.
I don't care
if you don't give me your Miraculous.
My wasps will paralyse you
and I'll simply take them myself!
Nice work, Queen Wasp!
You truly are exceptional! I knew it!
Wasps... Venom!
Run!
He must have akumatized her
while she was Queen Bee.
I bet the akuma is in her Miraculous!
That make sense!
But they're indestructible.
We'll need your cataclysm
to release the akuma.
I'm all yours, Milady!
We just have to find out
how not to get stung!
A ladybug doesn't stand a chance
against the Queen of Wasps!
[evil laugh]
Put your claws away!
So, who's exceptional now, then?
Them or me?
To claim total victory, you must
take their Miraculous, Queen Wasp!
I was just having a bit of fun, Hawk Moth,
before delivering the final sting!
Jump!
You can't escape my wasps!
Bring Ladybug and Cat Noir to me!
Dispersal!
-What? You think I'm a catfish?
-I don't know,
but I do know we're gonna
have to come up with another plan.
Lucky charm!
A snorkel?
Your lucky charm has a great sense
of humour! At least you won't drown!
Drown! That's the idea!
Wasps don't like water!
We may have to get a little dirty,
Cat Noir.
That's ironic. We just took a bath!
Ugh! Just follow me!
Where are they?
Ugh! That's disgusting!
Cat Noir, now!
You'll never get it back!
Cataclysm!
No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Miraculous Ladybug!
Pound it!
-I have to get the Miraculous back, Chloé.
-Give me a second chance, please!
Audrey Bourgeois, tell us
how you feel about what happened.
According to me,
Chloé just clearly demonstrated
that there is nothing "exceptional"
about her!
I know that you did the things you did
to impress your mother.
Anyone can make mistakes,
even a superhero.
What matters is how you fix them.
I made one by losing that Miraculous.
Don't make the mistake
of not giving it back.
Act like a hero.
And show everyone
how exceptional you can be.
Thank you!
Ladybug... Cat Noir...
I'm sorry.
Time to go, ma'am.
I give her the chance of a lifetime
and she dares to be late?
Unacceptable! Utterly unacceptable!
-Should we leave?
-No. Give it one minute more.
Are you really OK with this, Marinette?
I've thought about it long and hard.
I'm sure I'm making the right decision.
-Go away!
-That was the plan, but... no.
Dupain-Cheng?
Well, well! It's about time!
We can take off now!
I won't be coming to New York with you.
I still have so many things to do here.
All those I love are here,
my parents, my friends...
You're making a mistake, Marinette.
I think you're wrong. A huge part
of your life is here in Paris, too.
Chlorine... Uh... Chloé?
Uh...
-Why don't you love me, Mom?
-But... uh... of course I... love... you!
You're wrong
about her not being exceptional.
In fact, Chloé is exceptionally mean!
She's the worst person I've ever met!
She may be more heinous,
pompous and selfish than you!
Compared to both of you even a rock
seems more capable of love.
-How dare you?
-[gasp]
-See?
You're both much more alike
than you think!
Are you as mean as this Maria says?
Well, I don't have one single friend
in school, except for Sabrina.
But she doesn't realise
that I'm just using her!
-I love giving Jean-Eudes a hard time!
-You mean Jean-Yves?
Who cares what his name is?
Jean-Thingy! Put my luggage in there!
No, not like that! Take them out and stack
them from smallest to the biggest!
I think I may have judged you unfairly,
Chloé.
Martha... Uh... Marinette's right.
You are exceptional, just like me!
I've decided
I'm staying in Paris with you!
So we're not going to the airport
after all, then?
[both] You're fired!
Ladybug and Cat Noir made a mistake today,
and there will be others.
Then we'll finally be together
once again, my love!
You said you were going to stop.
I can't give up, Nathalie.
I miss her too much.
I understand, sir.
Are you sure you won't regret this,
Marinette?
I'm sure, Dad.
Paris is my city, our city...
Besides, everyone I love is here.
Yeah, and one guy in particular!
ha, ha, ha, ha!
Ha, ha, ha, ha! And my best friend!